Any questions before I move
on other than why are we
not seeing the change once
the way Mike describe it?
I am comfortable leaving that as
an excercise to you because I probably
just have like a parenthesis in the wrong
place, that's not the tricky part yet.
The tricky part is getting this set up and
understanding that you have to
learn of this I have a question.
>> Yes, please.
Is there a config that
specifies the convention
that we have to follow for cobis Lee?
You know what, I think you might
have asked the question and
it's gonna make this work.
Hold on.
Laundry, I think you might
have just saved this here.
So the config is this can commit lint,
that config j s.
And I notice here I don't have
this conventional commits
thing in the config let's
see what happens now.
[BLANK AUDIO].
There we go.
That was it.
There's the config.
Right.
So the learner scopes thing
it's strictly a helping
commitment understand what
learners scopes are, but
this is this main Like configuration for
commitlint.
This is what's doing most of the lifting.
And of course, now Husky is doing its job.
I think Husky was always doing
its job except now we have,
now commitlint is doing something
much more meaningful and
it's actually stopping us when
it should be stopping us.
Let's see if I can make another commit
here and we'll see what happens.
So we'll say let say that
this is fix(utils).
Again this is distribute chore but
I'm calling it fix.
Correction to commitlint config
>> Now it accepts it And
I'm going to actually sit on this for
a second because we're going to talk
about how how we publish packages next.
>> So
Can I change the templating configuration?
Mean if I have a change in the method
of committing this difference?
>> Yep.
It is possible that commitment can
align with your existing convention.
>> And let me see cheat config.
So these are all different patterns.
This is almost like a base
lint configuration.
You know if you ever
seen like the standard,
standard JavaScript lint configuration
is like I think Brian Holt used to
use this a lot in his workshops where
>> They're no semi colons,
all sorts of crazy wacky
decisions like that.
So this is another place where
we can choose our pattern but
and my advice here is,
I'm not saying that exactly
the default conventional commits
are the important thing.
It's more If you establish a pattern and
having an enforcement mechanism in there,
your commit history becomes
a very valuable source of truth.
So adopting a convention is
better than no convention,
because this is a great source of truth.
And it means that some of this
stuff can just be automated.
Your change logs can come for
free Your picking of versions can.
If you have 50 packages in this
it's just such a pain to figure out
what a version of something could be.
Here's why, my new release in a low
level package that gets bumped,
but then it gets upgraded
in six other packages.
And then,
those cause upgrades another packages.
It sort of all flows through.
Figuring these numbers out
is really complicated and
error prone, if done manually, so you want
to have some mechanism where you're not
having to figure that out yourself.
And the two popular ways of doing
this are to use the commit messages.
Or to use labels on pull requests,
this is where, for
popular open source projects
where you don't necessarily you
don't have a team where you can train
them up and say please go and do this.
This lets maintainers decide,
this is a feature, this is effects,
this is chore And they can kind of like,
take on the burden of making sure
that all that works properly.
But commitments commitment
is pretty flexible,
conventional commits is a specific thing.
So that's one.
That's why it like commitment is flexible,
but
this specific thing is for conventional
And then this one's for Angular.
And some of these layer up like
we're using learning scopes as well.
Right learning scopes is what lets us do.
It lets us do something like this.
Right?
The parentheses.